https://codepen.io/TroyDelacruz7/pen/dyXmMLW

1. What is Semantic HTML?
A: HTML that has meaning. It is particularly useful for code to know where certain things go due to that meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	A: HTML is a markup language that creates the skeleton of web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	A: Attributrs proved additional features like width, height, or src.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	A: H1 is the biggest header with the most boldest text. It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	A: img src & a href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	A: Metadata -- essentially invisible data that can link CSS files to the HTML document as well as other features.

    7. What is an id? 
	A: A special selector that, when named, can only be named once. Primarly used to point a specific style declaration in a style sheet.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	A: Any element that is in a HTML document can have an id.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	A: Once
    10. What is a class? 
	A: A class is a style declaration used in a stylesheet that can be spread to other elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	A: Any element except for ones that are assigned with an id.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	A: Several times, although like id it is dependent on how you should style the page and what goes where.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	A: img src="#" target= _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	A: To describe the image in case in fails to load.
 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	A: By adding the hashtag (#) and the name in the stylesheet.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A: Section is Semantic HTML, whereas a div is meaningless.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	A: To create responsive design and style to a HTML document.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	A: h2 with curly brackets {} to insert the styling.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A: An id can only be used on one particular element that is associated with said id. Whereas a class can be done on several areas that will look the same. IDs are usually the opposite -- they may look different than classes.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	A: A period in addition to the name. Ex: .example

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	A: p class="human"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	A: It is used to select elements with a specific parent. So if you wanted to color the parent blue but one child among five others to be blue then it'd be useful to use this.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	A: div a class="sidebar"

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A: Used to select elements in a specific state, like the first element of their type or elements hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	A: line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	A: letter-spacing property
	
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	A: text-transform property with either uppercase, lowercase, or capitalize as the attribute.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	A: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	A: Use the html selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	A: */ /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	A: pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	A: ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	A: rm to delete a file but assume that once deleted it is gone. All your hard work -- gone!

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	A: So if there's a bug or mistake you can return back to the previous version before it started glitching.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	A: About 20 lines or code or 20-30 minutes -- anytime you add something important or meaning.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	A: git push remote-name (or) branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	A: Fork the repo so you can create your own version. This will create a repo with your name in front of it. Next, clone the repo using 'Clone or download' button. Use the cd command in the terminal to go to the directory where you're going to want to clone your forked repo. Now, use the git clone command -- don't forget to past your link after typing git clone. Cd in the newly created repo using the cd command. You should now use the git checkout - 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch for the repo. Start working on it! To add and commit changes you can use: git add . to add all files, then git commit -m "message" to commit it. Don 't forget to add a meaningful message at all times for your project! Next, push your changes to your GitHub repo by using git push -u origin branch-name. This will push all your commits from your local machine up onto GitHub. Now submit a Pull Request. Go back to your forked project repo and select branch:master. This will create a dropdown where you can select your name-branch. Click it and then click the new pull request to make a pull request on your name branch. After this it should direct you to the pull request page. When you do this select your branch name by changing the base repository. Submit the pull request link to Canvas and then you're done! Do not merge your pull request!!

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	A: By default, inline does not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, however, causes a line break to occur but all this could be changed in CSS.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	A: It is taken out of the flow -- meaning other elements are positioned as if it did not exist.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	A: Use the margin property.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	A: p, h1-h6, & section are block by default. A & button are inline by default. Inline-block is the same as inline, but you can change the height and width of that element.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	A: The box is basically a rectangular model that shapes the design of the HTML file. By using CSS you can manipulate in a way where it is more responsive compared to the initial box model before CSS3. By using the box-sizing property you can change an element's specified width and height that isn't affected by padding or borders.